feat: review of remote flow detection (#300)
italia/eudi-wallet-it-python: docs/STORAGE.md

| `creation_date`      | Creation date of the session.                                                                                            |
| `state`              | A unique identifier used to identify a session even among different devices.                                             |

> | `session_id`         | Session id. Used to identify cross device flows.                                                                         |
> | `remote_flow_typ`    | A string value specifying the holder authentication flow, same device or cross device   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `session_id`         | Session id. Used to identify cross device flows.                                                                         |
| `remote_flow_typ`| A string value specifying the holder authentication flow, same device or cross device             |
```

> | `remote_flow_typ`    | A string value that discriminates between different authentication flow                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `remote_flow_typ`    | A string value specifying the holder authentication flow, same device or cross device   |
```
